
Impactful activities that I would foster are:
To be an honest companion for students of northeastern so that they can count on me if they have any kind of trouble. 
To make residents feel friendly and comfortable since a lot of new students finds it difficult to mix up in a new environment. 
I want to be a good counselor for the emotional wellbeing of residents so that those who feel homesick can understand that it is natural process.
I would like to conduct a studious environment within residents; since I am a graduate student and I think I can do a very good job at it.
To be a mentor in case somebody have an academic interest similar to mine.
To reflect a good image of northeastern in front of parents.

Opportunity to learn customer-oriented skills.
Opportunity to be a better speaker.
Opportunity to be better at managing multiple tasks.


The community I was welcomed in was  The teaching started off with half an hour session of musical meditation where we all chanted a beautiful mantra in a group at the melody of Harmonium.  
At the end of each session, lite vegetarian dinner was served. Being away from home, it allowed me to feel connected with my culture.
They allowed me to express out my inner self and promptly answered any question I had. Not only that but they also taught appropriate technique to use at the time of stress.

The role of Residence assistant is connected to my experience in following ways:
I experienced that meditating in a group is more effective than meditating alone, which made me realize that group study will be more effective than studying alone. I would encourage residents to study co-operatively in groups.
I would encourage residents to have lite dinner at night because it’ll gives them a better sleep and would also encourage them to stay away from things like alcohol.
I would allow residents to be more expressive with me so that I can help them to solve personal issues that students generally don’t open themselves up to. This will help them to have a happy experience at Northeastern. 

